Update to Infinite cage S120 (#1244)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000120/properties/P000046.md

  name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

> E.g. the half-line $A_1\subset X$ is a nontrivial path connected subset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the set $A_1\subset X$ is path connected with more than one point.
```
The main thing was removing "half-line", but also replacing "nontrivial".
